README.md, before:

# Cloth_Change_Person_reID_Paper_List
Paper collection for cloth variation based person re-identification 

![rgbt_car10](https://github.com/wangxiao5791509/Cloth_Change_Person_reID_Paper_List/blob/master/reid_clothchange.png) 


## Survey papers on person re-identification 
Ye, Mang, et al. "Deep Learning for Person Re-identification: A Survey and Outlook." arXiv preprint arXiv:2001.04193 (2020). [[Paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04193)]

## Benchmark Datasets
1. COCAS dataset, cvpr-2020, [[Paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.07862.pdf)] 
2. LTCC dataset, arXiv-2020, [[Paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.12633)] [[Project](https://naiq.github.io/LTCC_Perosn_ReID.html)] 
3. Celeb-reID-light, IJCNN-2019, [[Paper](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8851957)] [[Dataset](https://1drv.ms/u/s!Ats-N2hYCkEIgckRrtd0HGhUZPqNcw?e=ziRTjb)]
4. Celeb-reID, T-CSVT 2019, [[Paper](https://opus.lib.uts.edu.au/bitstream/10453/137156/4/Binder1.pdf)] [[Code](https://github.com/Huang-3/Celeb-reID)] [[Dataset](https://1drv.ms/u/s!Ats-N2hYCkEIgckQF5M5TCsBF0aQZQ?e=IKG16O)]
5. VC-Clothes && Real28, arXiv-2020, [[Paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04070.pdf)] [[Project](https://wanfb.github.io/dataset.html)]
6. PRCC dataset, T-PAMI, 2019, [[Paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2002.02295)] [[Dataset](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1yTYawRm4ap3M-j0PjLQJ--xmZHseFDLz/view?usp=sharing)]

![rgbt_car10](https://github.com/wangxiao5791509/Cloth_Change_Person_reID_Paper_List/blob/master/ccReID_datasets.png) 



## Paper List 


### Year 2020 

Wang, K., Ma, Z., Chen, S., Yang, J., Zhou, K., & Li, T. A benchmark for clothes variation in person re‐identification. International Journal of Intelligent Systems. [[Paper](https://sci-hub.st/https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/abs/10.1002/int.22276)] [[Dataset](https://github.com/nkicsl/NKUP-dataset)]

Wan, Fangbin, et al. "When Person Re-identification Meets Changing Clothes." CVPR Workshop 2020. [[Paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04070.pdf)] [[Project](https://wanfb.github.io/dataset.html)] [[Dataset](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1gd3PVsbDVlrSzK60BWUf1Y2C6nGMDcRV)]  

Yu, Shijie, et al. "COCAS: A Large-Scale Clothes Changing Person Dataset for Re-identification." arXiv preprint arXiv:2005.07862 (2020). [[Paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.07862.pdf)]  [[Dataset]()] 

Li, Yu-Jhe, et al. "Learning Shape Representations for Clothing Variations in Person Re-Identification." arXiv preprint arXiv:2003.07340 (2020). [[Paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07340)] 

Qian, Xuelin, et al. "Long-Term Cloth-Changing Person Re-identification." arXiv preprint arXiv:2005.12633 (2020). [[Paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.12633)]  [[Project](https://naiq.github.io/LTCC_Perosn_ReID.html)] 


 



  

### Year 2019 

Huang, Yan, et al. "Celebrities-ReID: A Benchmark for Clothes Variation in Long-Term Person Re-Identification." 2019 International Joint Conference on Neural Networks (IJCNN). IEEE, 2019. [[Paper](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8851957)] 

Yang, Qize, Ancong Wu, and Wei-Shi Zheng. "Person Re-identification by Contour Sketch under Moderate Clothing Change." IEEE Transactions on Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence (2019). [[Paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2002.02295)] [[Dataset](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1yTYawRm4ap3M-j0PjLQJ--xmZHseFDLz/view?usp=sharing)] 

Huang, Yan, et al. "Beyond Scalar Neuron: Adopting Vector-Neuron Capsules for Long-Term Person Re-Identification." IEEE Transactions on Circuits and Systems for Video Technology (2019). [[Paper](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/8873614/)]  [[Code](https://github.com/Huang-3/Celeb-reID)] 

Fine-Grained Person Re-identification, Jiahang Yin, Ancong Wu, Wei-Shi Zheng, [[Paper](https://isee-ai.cn/~yinjiahang/FGPR_files/fgreid.pdf)] [[Project-page](https://isee-ai.cn/~yinjiahang/FGPR.html)]






### Year 2018 and Before 

Zhang, Peng, et al. "Long-term person re-identification using true motion from videos." 2018 IEEE Winter Conference on Applications of Computer Vision (WACV). IEEE, 2018. [[Paper](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8354164)] 




## RGB-D for Cloth-change reID  

Barbosa, Igor Barros, et al. "Re-identification with rgb-d sensors." European Conference on Computer Vision. Springer, Berlin, Heidelberg, 2012. [[Paper](https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Igor_Barros_Barbosa/publication/235153359_Re-identification_with_RGB-D_Sensors/links/5509b0210cf20ed529e192ed.pdf)] 

Munaro, Matteo, et al. "3D reconstruction of freely moving persons for re-identification with a depth sensor." 2014 IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation (ICRA). IEEE, 2014. [[Paper](http://robotics.dei.unipd.it/images/Papers/Conferences/MunaroICRA14b.pdf)] 

Haque, Albert, Alexandre Alahi, and Li Fei-Fei. "Recurrent attention models for depth-based person identification." Proceedings of the IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition. 2016. [[Paper](https://www.cv-foundation.org/openaccess/content_cvpr_2016/papers/Haque_Recurrent_Attention_Models_CVPR_2016_paper.pdf)]

Commit message:

Add a paper published in CVPR2018 workshop.

README.md, after:

# Cloth_Change_Person_reID_Paper_List
Paper collection for cloth variation based person re-identification 

![rgbt_car10](https://github.com/wangxiao5791509/Cloth_Change_Person_reID_Paper_List/blob/master/reid_clothchange.png) 


## Survey papers on person re-identification 
Ye, Mang, et al. "Deep Learning for Person Re-identification: A Survey and Outlook." arXiv preprint arXiv:2001.04193 (2020). [[Paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04193)]

## Benchmark Datasets
1. COCAS dataset, cvpr-2020, [[Paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.07862.pdf)] 
2. LTCC dataset, arXiv-2020, [[Paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.12633)] [[Project](https://naiq.github.io/LTCC_Perosn_ReID.html)] 
3. Celeb-reID-light, IJCNN-2019, [[Paper](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8851957)] [[Dataset](https://1drv.ms/u/s!Ats-N2hYCkEIgckRrtd0HGhUZPqNcw?e=ziRTjb)]
4. Celeb-reID, T-CSVT 2019, [[Paper](https://opus.lib.uts.edu.au/bitstream/10453/137156/4/Binder1.pdf)] [[Code](https://github.com/Huang-3/Celeb-reID)] [[Dataset](https://1drv.ms/u/s!Ats-N2hYCkEIgckQF5M5TCsBF0aQZQ?e=IKG16O)]
5. VC-Clothes && Real28, arXiv-2020, [[Paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04070.pdf)] [[Project](https://wanfb.github.io/dataset.html)]
6. PRCC dataset, T-PAMI, 2019, [[Paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2002.02295)] [[Dataset](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1yTYawRm4ap3M-j0PjLQJ--xmZHseFDLz/view?usp=sharing)]

![rgbt_car10](https://github.com/wangxiao5791509/Cloth_Change_Person_reID_Paper_List/blob/master/ccReID_datasets.png) 



## Paper List 


### Year 2020 

Wang, K., Ma, Z., Chen, S., Yang, J., Zhou, K., & Li, T. A benchmark for clothes variation in person re‐identification. International Journal of Intelligent Systems. [[Paper](https://sci-hub.st/https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/abs/10.1002/int.22276)] [[Dataset](https://github.com/nkicsl/NKUP-dataset)]

Wan, Fangbin, et al. "When Person Re-identification Meets Changing Clothes." CVPR Workshop 2020. [[Paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04070.pdf)] [[Project](https://wanfb.github.io/dataset.html)] [[Dataset](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1gd3PVsbDVlrSzK60BWUf1Y2C6nGMDcRV)]  

Yu, Shijie, et al. "COCAS: A Large-Scale Clothes Changing Person Dataset for Re-identification." arXiv preprint arXiv:2005.07862 (2020). [[Paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.07862.pdf)]  [[Dataset]()] 

Li, Yu-Jhe, et al. "Learning Shape Representations for Clothing Variations in Person Re-Identification." arXiv preprint arXiv:2003.07340 (2020). [[Paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07340)] 

Qian, Xuelin, et al. "Long-Term Cloth-Changing Person Re-identification." arXiv preprint arXiv:2005.12633 (2020). [[Paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.12633)]  [[Project](https://naiq.github.io/LTCC_Perosn_ReID.html)] 


 



  

### Year 2019 

Huang, Yan, et al. "Celebrities-ReID: A Benchmark for Clothes Variation in Long-Term Person Re-Identification." 2019 International Joint Conference on Neural Networks (IJCNN). IEEE, 2019. [[Paper](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8851957)] 

Yang, Qize, Ancong Wu, and Wei-Shi Zheng. "Person Re-identification by Contour Sketch under Moderate Clothing Change." IEEE Transactions on Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence (2019). [[Paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2002.02295)] [[Dataset](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1yTYawRm4ap3M-j0PjLQJ--xmZHseFDLz/view?usp=sharing)] 

Huang, Yan, et al. "Beyond Scalar Neuron: Adopting Vector-Neuron Capsules for Long-Term Person Re-Identification." IEEE Transactions on Circuits and Systems for Video Technology (2019). [[Paper](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/8873614/)]  [[Code](https://github.com/Huang-3/Celeb-reID)] 

Fine-Grained Person Re-identification, Jiahang Yin, Ancong Wu, Wei-Shi Zheng, [[Paper](https://isee-ai.cn/~yinjiahang/FGPR_files/fgreid.pdf)] [[Project-page](https://isee-ai.cn/~yinjiahang/FGPR.html)]






### Year 2018 and Before 

Xue, Jia, et al. "Clothing change aware person identification." Proceedings of the IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition Workshops. 2018. [[Paper](https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2018_workshops/papers/w41/Xue_Clothing_Change_Aware_CVPR_2018_paper.pdf)]  
Zhang, Peng, et al. "Long-term person re-identification using true motion from videos." 2018 IEEE Winter Conference on Applications of Computer Vision (WACV). IEEE, 2018. [[Paper](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8354164)] 




## RGB-D for Cloth-change reID  

Barbosa, Igor Barros, et al. "Re-identification with rgb-d sensors." European Conference on Computer Vision. Springer, Berlin, Heidelberg, 2012. [[Paper](https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Igor_Barros_Barbosa/publication/235153359_Re-identification_with_RGB-D_Sensors/links/5509b0210cf20ed529e192ed.pdf)] 

Munaro, Matteo, et al. "3D reconstruction of freely moving persons for re-identification with a depth sensor." 2014 IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation (ICRA). IEEE, 2014. [[Paper](http://robotics.dei.unipd.it/images/Papers/Conferences/MunaroICRA14b.pdf)] 

Haque, Albert, Alexandre Alahi, and Li Fei-Fei. "Recurrent attention models for depth-based person identification." Proceedings of the IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition. 2016. [[Paper](https://www.cv-foundation.org/openaccess/content_cvpr_2016/papers/Haque_Recurrent_Attention_Models_CVPR_2016_paper.pdf)]
